family how are you doing here
family how are you winning them
see how it looks well in this room
that is closed and here we are going to visit it
is the place where we are going to live this
new stage that is coming this new
stage that is coming from now on
okay I
had prepared by I had I have
prepared a direct or 12 hour that was supposed to have been
today August 25th my
birthday by the way okay today
August 25th it starts let's go in this studio in
this new studio that I am now going to
show you in detail okay I am going to
show you all the times lots of
new stages when they arrive here I
find that one thing that after having
thought and that is that here there is no fiber
with the companies that we have always
known there is a company that I did not know
okay and in the place where I live well I have to
wait for them to give it to me
the previous company had installed
like a common Reuters it was an internet
like the 5 cm mobile to get by they
told me no but when it comes to
start the right one it doesn't start or okay what for
me who was there life makes it
completely impossible to connect and
well I'm very sorry but I could
do something else I was  talking to the
company here and tomorrow morning
that means that tomorrow morning
at the time we should have
done today the live at 4 in the afternoon
the special begins 12 hours 12 hours
of solutions we have 12 hours from 4 in
the afternoon to 4 at night on the
Javi el Canijo channel okay 12 hours the first
prayer for the lordship and then
for the kids but we are going to cover
all the politics that have been in force this
week I am going to stir up a hornet's nest
okay I am going to stir up the woman I am going to bring
controversy so that you are entertained and
to make up for it since we haven't been able to
do that live to make up for it I am going
to show you the complete Zeta with
details okay what things make up the Zeta
and why each one is here and okay and
after that we are going to react to a
video that my colleagues had made for me
for my birthday and that we have not been able to see
live okay so nothing I present to you the
new studio okay I have to say
that it is amazing I am going to tell you that
I am completely in love with the new
studio this window that is closed will
always be closed this window  It opens
onto a patio well they always bring us if I
want to see my dog ​​I'm amazed and I
greet my dog ​​who is there but it's going to
be closed always here you don't bother
anyone anymore okay let's close the door to
bother even less and to
hear the least noise possible okay here we have
a closet that came by the house
okay here is the chroma which is more than
anything
for the lollipop theme
for the lollipop theme and
here you can see what's there when you enter
as you can see I have brought many things that are already
iconic from the new channel it could be the
screen this screen that is not going to be of
any use because there is nothing to cover around
here on this side I have a little house to
exercise in the morning although I have a
gym this will be to record the
pirouettes and here furniture and so on that I'm
going to show you each thing how I have them
organized and so on okay they stayed until
the end of the video because I don't know what
surprise they have prepared for me and well I know
that more or less a video from Enrique's channel
that I have to see I imagine by
Lotina the rust but I haven't seen it how I'm
going to react here with  you guys okay
let's think if it seems to you
up there by the paintings ok this is the painting
that you see these paintings that you see in the
villa of the beast the little mermaid and aladdin
are some paintings that I made for lorena it
was a surprise that I made for her in the
shopping center of seville in nervión
plaza with the help of the shopping center
ok and some illustrators drew us
as if we were the characters of
our favorite disney movies
ok in reality they are not beauty and the
beast and to finish it is me and
lorena characterized as these
characters and these paintings well they were
by me
there you have the spotlights the cat spotlights
that are there I'm not going to turn them off because the
lighting that we have here you have a thousand it
is here it has 27 that you already know that it is
composed of the camera that is
connected by the channel and the microphone
we put it to one side that right now we are not
going to use the sound card the
sound card the speakers and I
use three monitors ok with three
monitors and another one let's do it ok
there are some people who use
two there are some who use even more
I normally put the or bs here
when we are live here what we are
seeing and here the notifications
evils that appear in a list all the
notifications of all the people put me
in tables here well a photo of my
grandmother that well my grandmother I always carry her
here everywhere okay at 5
obviously how can it be how
can you do it in another way okay
back in a very important person in
my life and she will follow me wherever I go I
speak in fact I bring here on the set to
many things from her house and around the house
too here is the hexa has the
gift karime which well it works terribly you
know how excel works it never pays attention to
us but if there are notebooks
because because we are taking notes
because we are working because we are
writing we also have the
boxes here which are the pretty ones here on the
screen so that I do not forget anything
okay keyboard and mouse that check it for me
okay these
umbrellas are hidden it is
like digital with lights and so on it is with
shine it was given to me by Alejandro alejando
also coach the chair Alejandro
likes to be part of the set in fact
you like it is always part of the set up
and there are many followers the
closest followers and others trusted that
some are also friends  It's going to work for
example with acne and Tessa, they gave me
a figure, a talk that hasn't
come yet and will come next month
or the next one, I imagine not, but anyway,
here you can see how I have everything very organized,
the Playstation 4 connected to the computer, the
computer and there are some extra plugs,
okay, to put it there and plug in the mobile,
the headphones and everything that needs to be
plugged in.
Bulerías,
Bulerías and Buddy are the
chair cushions, the wall that will
accompany us, the new mural that I think is
impressive and I think it's a shame that it wo
n't be seen because it will never be seen in its
entirety in the videos, it's never impossible, I
have so many things and more and more that it's
impossible for everything to come out on camera, okay,
a sweep here under the light,
stuffed animal, okay, that range that you see there in
the corner, this bouquet is a bouquet of
blue flower sticks and Steve's, that
reputation was given to me by
some followers
at the time of the 1, okay,
a group of followers gave it to me if I'm not mistaken,
Ariel, the voice of Nosotros, also gave me this, Nosotros, it
was a follower, okay, I think he
still is to this day  I think he still is
Davos, he was a
follower, well, me, more than a follower, he
was also one of the people
who encouraged me to join the channel, okay, with his
contributions, and at 21 they were called
producers, okay, there's this doll, but
gifts and space, expect less, suddenly he
sent it to my house and the others, and always
because the voice always has a place on
this channel, and
if it weren't for the love of people like Davos,
then maybe the channel wouldn't
be where we are today, I mean, they're people
who, when the channel earned very little, have been
supporting and making
everything work, and so that we can continue
dedicating ourselves to what we do, and
for me, they'll always have a place in
my heart, on my channel and on my
shelf, just like the entire
community, you know, okay, the people who
gave me the bouquet and so on, okay, then over here there are stuffed
animals, many of them are from
my youth and Lorena's, okay, there are
stuffed animals that they give from their house when she was
young, but for example, this is the tip that you
see here, this one in particular,
and you won't be able to see it, there are many
things, that click is from the year  2006
I bought that style for my first car my
first car I was like what I was in
love with a Steve plush toy that was
like with suckers you stuck it to the
window a friend of mine has it and when I
went to the Disney store that was in the
Los Arcos mall the Caviar Ice
and that was the one I bought and to this day I
still have it okay talking about
plushies that we're going to continue here
okay this plush this product was
given to me by a friend a friend of mine from my
youth named Rocío Rochi this one was
once at her house and I asked her just
give it as a gift marsupilami super
cute you have to give it to me there's no
option and I told her I'm going to keep it
forever my whole life it's been
like 15 years they have accompanied all the
houses in the sea city Aníbal in the
vaquero the vaquero is from the year 95 or in other words it
's the first Woody toy that came out
that I had in my youth okay
all the others well there are some
bought later some from
Disneyland this one from Disneyland worth
a flower pot to give it a touch Mr. Eri
to Alcalá  and now we start with these
to kiss it this figure this figure is
to kiss it familiar this figure I
brought it from the last trip I made to
Disneyland okay to Disneyland Paris this
New Year's Eve when we were there okay this
figure they had it placed to someone like
on an altar and I said that has to be
in me it is I don't know if he appreciates it and well
but it is a marvel I mean it is a
[ __ ] marvel
this is a bottle of vodka that
my father-in-law gave me he is going to have it placed in his
living room simply a bottle of vodka
with some Christmas tree lights
inside and here the new
crown jewels okay I bought these two figures I
bought them a couple of months ago
in a store called Raconte a
geek store and it is crazy okay I mean it is
crazy it is crazy it is
crazy I don't know if they can be appreciated well on
camera okay but they don't make sense the
grace does not have it does not make any sense
then here further down we have
this doll that was my daughter's
obviously but since she doesn't play around
here anymore I have this figure from the
first trip do you want to go to Disneyland okay
the first  trip I took to Disneyland
name can buy them they were two
pearls okay and with time already
dedicating myself to YouTube with the passage of
years efe ota who will surely be the
person who is editing this video
found it in a El Corte Inglés and sent me
the photo by WhatsApp as if to say look
how pretty and obviously I said
please send me the purchased one and send it to me
and nothing over here you have more decorations
the two YouTube plates the two YouTube plates
this that they made me personalized the
rate the house of David Santo the rate of
the faxes is worth especially many gifts
here for Father's Day okay they are
basically legacies from the father the Super
Nintendo
the first iPhone the iPhone 3 okay this
is very strong okay this is
my grandmother's cell phone I bought my grandmother this
cell phone to keep in touch with her and it
is my grandmother's cell phone okay I don't know
surely if I found a charger it is
a cell phone that they sold at the gas station
surely if I found a charger it would
work and this is one of my
grandfather's cameras incredible incredible the camera
incredible the camera little stops and it has 50
or 60 years the camera obviously not
then over here to see if I can focus it
well are the mythical shelves that
this time have not been so visible
this time although as visible because I
think that our zetas have been around for so many
years that although they will
continue with us we will not
have them in the foreground
the fridge bar many of you
will remember okay the fridge bar
this is a painting that occurred to me to
do and I have done it in it will call me it
is downloading good photos simply
and it occurred to us that
something like retro half from my
time came to mind and that painting occurred to me and the
king of pop as it could not be missing I do not
want that I am very attentive to the
little things that is the shelf okay of
course there is the devil doll here
incredible wonderful a few
figures from Disneyland Paris but over there I do
n't know if you see that there is a
Playboy magazine it is an exclusive magazine it is a
special edition a limited edition
that they released and that I have there not
all of the beauty and the beast okay there
are 20 there is this cup this mug has it
there  one some exclusive panini stickers
also that you can't find anymore and
my friend vélez gave them to me
with juanma I
recommend them about michael jackson and he
gave it to me they are exclusive to michael
jackson as you also have there the background
a collector's edition disc also
of michael jackson okay over there in the back on
this other shelf are absolutely
all the disney infiniti figures it was
a video game a video game that came out
for several platforms for playstation
for wii and others it was a video game that was
withdrawn from the market very quickly
because it wasn't profitable they were figures
of very high quality they are figures of very high
quality but the game was very
childish it was a game that was not successful
because the game was very childish what
happens is that the attraction of the game was the
figures that the figures had an
impressive quality no then we have
around here the collection of a collection
of shoes that are from disneyland also that
is a gem what is already in the background is
a gem it is a special edition vhs of
the titanic movie awesome okay
awesome and well as I told you well
around here I have little space for more
things I know that  They're going to give me that figure
that's already ordered and we'll
probably put it around here or around here,
we'll see where we put it. Okay, I do
n't think I have anything left to show you about what
the Z is worth. I just have a piece of
furniture here where I have stored, well,
basically,
revilla
sent from when I was young that I
have and saved as a collector's item. And
now, if it's okay with you, we're going to react to
a video that I would really like to see it
react live, honestly,
because don't forget to accompany you,
but well, since you haven't accompanied us,
since technology is not going to accompany us, well, I'm going to react to it here
completely from scratch. Two CDs. Let's see.
Third, Enrique told me at
noon,
Javi 20, about the premiere of this video that it's
very important or that something
like that has happened, I don't know, a bombshell, it's only been told to me,
but since I've been with
technicians in the house all day and with the
wiring here preparing the whole thing and
that I'm the worst friend in the world, Enrique
209. I'm going to react
to these videos and completely
[Music]
Welcome friends of the channel and to all of you who
watch us, first of all, congratulations
to  my friend xavi
well tell you that they owe me or I don't know if
two or three live ones but the mess I'm
making with these videos well more or less I'm
going to tell you how we're going to make
the videos first I'm going to put the
youtube the mess then I'm going to put
the youtubers of the heart and at the end
we're going to leave for the end
the friends personalities journalists and
well some some little surprises that are out
there for my friend xavi nothing I'm not
going to go on too much no despite it
being my channel I don't want to have much more
than the footage that I've asked each
one and nothing to tell you that you know that you
have me for whatever you want happy
birthday and I hope you like the
surprise so nothing within the
videos
green u2 to the ugly
and happy birthday congratulations I
hope you finish the move soon and
that you keep making videos it's not the
same seeing you in the car
javi hurry up we
really want to salcé or
we would like
churra what was I going to tell you he owes me two
euros from the last video
I hope he
raises the salary to five euros per video
like alves glasses because I like  not under
these conditions I can't continue and one
last thing I have
to insult because since I have an
audience that doesn't like me I have to
look good with it so they don't
subscribe so
unless I'm
envious and
well,
whoever is calm now is in for
congratulations, that's it, they fall for
kisses it's a joke it's a joke that then that
then people cancel you that they take advantage of
anything to throw [ __ ] at you nothing
garden churra a
lot of things come to mind the truth is that
one thing to say is that the video in which he
moved rooms the first
room where you started on youtube
that video of the transition to the living room to that
little corner is I edited it I remember the
figures and all the shots and all
that because I remember an agreement
quite a bit and that he was going to tell me that all
that was three or four years ago
a long time ago and now you're moving let's
see if they turn the light on for once and
do that it was that I can't continue at 6
javi and nothing happy birthday guys many
congratulations enjoy your family,
your people and little else to say to you man
take care of yourself and greetings
big kisses I'm not the only one well no
sir I hope you're okay I have
n't seen you for weeks because you've just kind of
disappeared from the internet but I know it's
for a good cause nothing to tell you that I'll
wait for you but I'll wait for you in the iva ring
and we're not going to beat each other up it
's possible that I'll get you really jacked up you
kill yourself with punches there let it all
be dreaming a little nothing I send you a
greeting
start well javi congratulations to the king of the
willow or and to the king of the ladies I'm
very glad to be able to be here with us
we need you for your birthday that you
're a little more last year but we
love you just the same and this is also
congratulate you on the birthdays to
come so many congratulations javi
again and it happens that today is your day so a
big kiss for you precious
I had a heart as if it weren't those
of the heart
happy birthday happy birthday
everyone happy
congratulations I asked for the 85 harvest the
best that this country has given in summer
where already joking I would like to
send you my congratulations I want to
tell you that I love having you as a
partner on this platform I would like
many more people  they knew how
involved he is so he could see the
kind of person you are a person who
is always helping his colleagues
have 100 subscribers thousand 2001 no matter if
you are asked for help you are always there
the treatment with me has always been great
when it is cool for you this is for me well
you write to me there I am for you it is
true that we could describe ourselves more
but of course I am a
great person both in private and in
public
here you have
options and remind you that you owe me a
beer and I have to give you a tug on the
ear for your 37th birthday
I am
37 times
and I am not going to tell you anything new that does not
walk around proud of the fact that you are a
fighter
proud that all the projects you have
fought for are looking
forward proud that you always go straight
ahead and always by your side despite
the DPS and no matter how many blows they give us
along the way that the
only thing they are going to achieve is to make us
stronger
than to see in the blow they want but how
beautiful those of us who love you so
especially beautiful trino congratulations
sweetheart and I love you
how is  javi how about congratulations
another year
I'm a bit of a [ __ ] mother
super brief it's been
four years since we've known each other
or four birthdays that we've passed and
I was in my twenties you were in your early thirties
and now you're going for your
late thirties and I'm going to get it too
nothing but joking congratulate you to
tell you that after so many years we still
have friendship good vibes to
tell you from the heart and now
seriously I thank you from the bottom of my heart the
bouquet you sent is to my
mother's funeral the man I saw the initials
I knew that the least several colleagues
no but today is your moment and tell you that I will
always carry it in my heart
because the day month friends and painful
money actions
together with more colleagues but as I say
already study and nothing how good let's go for
another four more years always bring us
the support that was sent
privately publicly and I hope that
this 2022 is full of good vibes
followed by laughter
development among all and this 2023
squeeze it since you put yourself in the
half million subscribers in young and
beira that they already give you the other plate us
you find plates it already has on televisions to
SEO and nothing that we continue enjoying what
we like is not entertaining
people having a good time and you have been
here for many years doing it and staying in
the top positions and here we are the
smaller channels there
also trying to grow little by little and
enjoying the path you
have Pedro a friend I send you a
huge kiss hug king thank you very much man for
coming out
Oliveira how are you I wanted and wish you a happy
birthday they told me it's
today well I don't know if today at the
moment that I am today comes the
moment in which you are listening to
everything
I hope that it is today at the moment that you are listening to it with all my heart I wish you the best for this special day I don't know how old you are the truth I haven't asked I suppose you are younger than me but let's keep it a secret
here we are
as a channel partner and adventure partner
and well you know that we suffer the same
things many times all of us who are
dedicated to this and there is that part of
empathy of saying my goodness my goodness if
I am going through this this person
who has more followers than me  what
must be happening to him
ultimately this is something more personal
so you can enjoy your family so you can
enjoy your day there is applause this is what I
have I have to buy and applause
too don't follow each other the forward doesn't know
the applause no this name this one is very
bland a pause applause yes more
[Applause]
and that's it
and since this is it I hope you buy half
buy buy some more more than one the
things
the raffle it off
whatever you want okay
ultimately ultimately there is now
more seriously have a happy a
happy birthday
kisses there will be handsome one day when I am in
Seville banca we are not going out for tapas we are not going out for
tapas with all the friends who are
there there are many
although I am from Betis
happy birthday crack let's go he
acquitted him and now he was going to fire the channel
as I fire him not normally but no no
this is not a long video of mine
this is a video for you
happy anniversary more
personalities personalities
many congratulations let's see I am Francisco
Rodríguez
the one bathed of all that long list of
people who are  doing right
now
that is a great day next to your family,
your wife and your little ones, your parents,
your friends well, everyone
and take advantage of this world also
to give you recognition the
confusion
here you have one of the envious ones
I am envious because
I admire the video your talent and your
ability your work your grace
higher I announced how great this
video gave
and at the same time pain to entertain and
inform so many thousands of people
I hope I can continue doing it
for a very long time and I hope I
can see it
also I send a hug to all the
followers all your followers
and of course of course to those who follow
Enrique Garcia's channel who is the
soul of this medium
a hug for everyone
Hi Javier hey there are
so many many
ages today is your big day nothing I
hope that today continue handsome Marina of
yours that you leave
YouTube aside for a few moments to
spend a wonderful day with the people who
love you and in the end that is what
we get nothing thank you always
for treating me with so much love that you
know that for whatever you need here  you
got it okay and don't be such a warrior sometimes
beautiful
[Music]
so nothing a greeting to Ximena and
a little bird told me that it's your birthday and
here we are to congratulate you
I am absolutely terrible with all this
recording thing having to
give some YouTube classes
little more to say congratulations you
do a great job and that is
very important for all of us who
do something completely different to
those of us who like to learn
thanks what's up good
for a little bird it's your birthday and I
wish you much happiness that you enjoy
life and that I was recording and that several from
Paris such as you deserve that they have
told me that he is an extraordinary guy
so in fact I hope he has
video credits and that he is very happy that you
celebrate every year until you get
bored and I can't go in charge of
good health if not it's not worth it
increase I saw myself achieving believe kiss pee
back not even to gain momentum go
down
a grandfather happy birthday we wish you
the best ole I came here to
dedicate an incredible song to you and well
basically let's hope that you continue doing
live shows despite being  so
here we are going to leave you the song and don't get
mad at us although maybe you will get
mad and allow us this script
and him
in the video and for that reason
or I
'm not right for here
nothing much happiness from Javi sending you a
very very big kiss
the great passes on this day and nothing I
liked that they will count on me for your
birthday that nothing to tell you neighbors
and friends that you call me
and tell you
much happiness that I am a woman and
thanks for everything
happy birthday boy since I have the
opportunity I include in this greeting
to the kids and Mr. Heria
we love you if not we will let go of your hand
for my part loyalty and support to
infinity and beyond have a nice day
with your wonderful family a big
hug that kiss from the soul I could see it
this video has been tremendous this video has
been enormous
/ and it has been crazy said kina what a shame
that we couldn't wait
the ads are popping up I say who is that we
couldn't see it
live all together
[ __ ] internet [ __ ] in salt I'm
assimilating the video
[Music]
amazing family Enrique thank you so much
subscribe to the channel of
enrique garcia and pilates to acne pet
to everyone thank you very much for having
participated this video is incredible
very big family very big the video
of now sleep beloved an incredible shame
not having been able to
react live with you okay it would have
been better here you have the new
corner where we are going to live many
moments why does it
bother you
[Music] it
has a surprise that
what
because they told me that I did not say the
names that only paper is already
intimately wants that so come on
but the video
but the companion well
already
for this
thank you very much
paper and lately I will say thank you I am
going to see the world we make it familiar
a very big shame once I could
do it live from the tomb I still
have prepared the 12 hours of
director connoisseur of content okay
Friday 26th Friday 26th at 4 in the
afternoon until 4 in the morning I will be
with you okay kids I would
point out 12 hours of sanse or on the
Javier Camino channel thank you very much
for all these years with me I love you
all very much and much of this
could not be possible okay I have many
things to tell me  we have many things
to gossip about, a kiss